---
layout: wedding
title: About Us
---

# The Bride
## Posted by Allison

<img class='portrait' src='/images/wedding/acs.png' />

I was born in Plano, Texas ("Dallas" as Aaron would say).  My family and
I moved around a little before we settled in the Austin area.  Grew up
there going to public, home, and private schools.  As a teenager, I was
heavily involved with my church, [Hill Country Bible
Church](http://www.hcbc.com/), participating in missions both locally
and abroad.  My private high school was teeny tiny, with a graduating
class of nine people.

I attended [Texas A&M University](http://www.tamu.edu) and majored in
History and English.  I am quite biased, but I think it is the greatest
place to go to college ever.  I loved just about everything about A&M
--- the professors, the classes, the people, and, of course, the
football games.  We may not have won many games, but we had fun
watching.

I love cooking and baking, and have managed to avoid most major kitchen
catastrophes thus far.  The greatest recipients of my creations have
been my Bible study group and church, [Fellowship
Raleigh](http://www.fellowshipraleigh.org).  I also love reading almost
any type of book, and try to have a fiction and a non-fiction going at a
time.  I count peanut butter as one of my food groups, would rather not
wear shoes, and cannot decide if Calvin and Hobbes or Peanuts is my
favorite comic.  Though I do look a little like both Susie Derkins and
Peppermint Patty.   So yeah, that is me.

# The Groom 
## Posted by Aaron

<img class='portrait' src='/images/wedding/akm.png' />

I was born in Ohio and raised in Noblesville, Indiana.  When I was in
first grade, my teacher started an after school computer club where I
wrote my first computer programs on an [Apple
IIe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_IIe).  Ever since then, I've
been interested in computers.  In middle school, my family bought our
first family computer, a Packard Bell.  I promptly installed all manner
of video games on it, broke it and fixed if about a thousand times, and
re-kindled my love of computers.

After high school, I attended [Purdue University](http://www.purdue.edu)
and majored in Computer Engineering.  Purdue is a fantastic university
made even better because so many of my friends from high school chose to
attend as well.  After graduating, I began working as an Embedded Linux
Systems engineer at [Advanced Micro Devices](http://www.amd.com/) in
Austin, Texas.  After a few years, I began to think about going back to
graduate school.  [This talk from Richard
Hamming](http://www.paulgraham.com/hamming.html) had a big impact on
that decision.  I chose to go to [North Carolina State
University](http://www.ncsu.edu) both because it is an excellent
computer science school with a strong focus on computer security and
because it is located in North Carolina.  My parents and most of my
immediate family are from, or have lived in, North Carolina, and I
wanted to know more about the state.

Although [research](http://www4.ncsu.edu/~akmassey) takes up most of my
time these days, I enjoy watching sports, primarily football,
basketball, and soccer.  I'm looking forward to seeing the Indianapolis
Colts win the 2012 Super Bowl at their home stadium.  I'm also an avid
reader.  I enjoy non-fiction of basically any variety, but when I'm
reading fiction it's mostly science fiction or fantasy.  I also enjoy
Geocaching, but I don't get out as often as I would like.

# How We Met

<img class='portrait' src='/images/wedding/together.png' />

Allison had lost all her college roommates to marriage (never to be seen
or heard from again), so in her final year she posted "need a roommate"
on a message board and nervously waited for a response.  Not too soon
afterward, Lisa from Michigan emailed back saying she was starting grad
school in the fall and needed a place to stay.  Both deeming one another
sane, it was agreed that they would be roomies.

One night in October 2003, Lisa struck up a conversation online with an
old high school friend, Aaron.  After some discussion, they realized
that not only were they both in Texas now, but that they were only two
hours apart.  Lisa invited Aaron to come over on a weekend to catch up
and hang out.  Aaron came to College Station a couple weekends later and
was introduced to Allison.  Games were played, tacos from Taco Cabana
were eaten, and plans were made for another meet-up in Austin over
Thanksgiving.  And then again in College Station around finals.  And
then Lisa gave both Aaron and Allison the "But s/he's all alone over
Christmas break.  Won't you try and do something together?"  So we did,
and we have Lisa to blame for the next 7+ years of our lives.

# Seven Years!?

Yes, Aaron and Allison will have been dating for about seven and a half
years.  Although this sort of long term dating is [becoming more
common](http://www.usatoday.com/life/lifestyle/2010-06-22-10yearcourtship22_CV_N.htm),
it's still rather unusual.  We thought it might be interesting to
compile a list of things that have happened since Aaron and Allison
began dating.

* 28 of our friends have met, dated, gotten engaged and married.  Of
  those, 13 have had children.
* Aaron has only owned three pairs of Sambas.
* Between the two of us, we moved 10 times. (Aaron moved 7 times;
  Allison moved 3.)
* Allison baked approximately 25 pounds of flour into various culinary
  creations.
* [The Duggars](http://www.duggarfamily.com/), from [19 Kids and
  Counting](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/19_Kids_and_Counting),
  have had 6 children and 2 grandchildren.

